netstat: add page (#9156)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/windows/netstat.md

# netstat

> > Displays active TCP connections, ports being listening, network adapter statistics, the IP routing table, IPv4 statistics and IPv6 statistics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Displays active TCP connections, ports on which the computer is listening, network adapter statistics, the IP routing table, IPv4 statistics and IPv6 statistics.
```
I guess we can stick with the original description instead of `ports being listening`. Or something like `listened` which I don't think can be used here. What do you think @navarroaxel ?

> > Displays active TCP connections, ports on which the computer is listening, Ethernet statistics, the IP routing table, IPv4 statistics and IPv6 statistics.

Reviewer 2: What is specific for Ethernet and doesn't work with a wireless connection?
```suggestion
> Displays active TCP connections, ports being listening, network adapter statistics, the IP routing table, IPv4 statistics and IPv6 statistics.
```

> > More information: <https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/administration/windows-commands/netstat>.

Reviewer 2: We don't use i18n in MSFT URLs
```suggestion
> More information: <https://learn.microsoft.com/windows-server/administration/windows-commands/netstat>.
```

> - Displays active TCP connections:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Display active TCP connections:
```

`netstat`

> - Displays a list of currently open ports and related IP addresses:

Reviewer 2: Is this talking about listening ports? or all ports?

Author: It tells you what state the port is in: listening, established or closed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Display a list of currently open ports and related IP addresses:
```

> - Displays a list of currently open ports and related IP addresses. This command will also tell you what state the port is in; listening, established, or closed:

Reviewer 3: Can we reduce the length of the description? It is a little verbose.
